well howdy there internet people let's
bow again so today we're gonna talk
about two dueling or reports AOC
published her little report on what's
going to happen in the next fifty years
due to climate change problem is she
released it at the same time
DoD released ABARES and DoD you know the
people that actually get paid to study
threats and come up with solutions they
enlisted the help of NASA and the
Defense Intelligence Agency you know
it's a pretty comprehensive report so
what we're going to do is Rin go through
them both we're going to start with a
OCS and we're gonna look at her
fear-mongering and then we'll look at
the DoD one and even compare the two so
she says that changes in climate have
already occurred and are likely to
worsen in the next fifty years which is
the horizon the the window of the study
rising sea levels will display six
hundred million people and make them
refugees now that my friends is a border
crisis infectious diseases will spread
all over the United States it's gonna
require the army to come out and help
and these diseases are going to spread
because insects have increased range
because it's warmer
so ticks mosquitoes stuff like that will
carry malaria why zika dengue whatever
there will be decreased fresh water
availability but increased demand
because it's hotter there will be
decreased food security because crops
aren't going to do so well in the food
system the distribution system is
actually going to break down there will
be increased incidence of extreme
weather and the stress to the power grid
because our power grid is aging is going
to be so significant that it will result
in the loss of perishable food medicine
water purification systems will go down
Communications will go down fuel
distribution will go down all of this if
something isn't done
man that is doomsday stuff right there
that
doomsday scenario it's crazy I don't
know how she can get away with
publishing stuff like this so now let's
look at the woman from DoD and what they
have to say oh I'm sorry that's the one
I just read everything I just said was
published by the Department of Defense
and a study implications have climate
change for the US Army really did
involve people from NASA and the Defense
Intelligence Agency they did this
because it is a threat this is no longer
just some liberal plot some hit the
environmentalists thing the Department
of Defense is telling you it is a huge
threat and it has to be dealt with
immediately or all of this stuff is
going to happen within the next 50 years
ALC did not publish a report I made that
up just to suck you guys in to get you
ought to watch this because I know a lot
of y'all would watch anything if it made
fun of her but now you've heard this you
can't unhear it the situation is so
significant the the US Army is talking
about an entire institutional culture
change to become better stewards of the
environment because they have such a
large carbon footprint they're tasking
the research development and engineering
command with coming up with ways to
literally suck humidity out of the air
and turn it into fresh water for war
fighters because they're gonna need it
it's not a joke it's not made-up it's
not fake science it's not fake news this
is a real threat the people who are paid
to decide what threats are they say it
is and understand the army has no
interest in this in the sense of it's
not good for them they're gonna have to
change all kinds of things and if you
know anything about the army they're
kind of reluctant to change but they
don't have a choice
they don't have a choice it's a real
threat and it's gonna have to be dealt
with immediately
AOC is right the environmentalists are
right and the Department of Defense is
co-signing that so it's your choice you
can listen to the Department of Defense
NASA the Defense Intelligence Agency
environmental scientists you can in you
can listen to all of these people or you
can listen to the stable genius who's
telling you it's fake news you can
listen to the oil companies who stand to
lose money from from the infrastructure
changes yeah seems like an easy decision
on who to believe to me it's just a
fault
y'all have a good day